Change the pose to a running stance, one leg forward, arms pumping.
Change the pose to a sprint start pose, body leaning forward.
Change the pose to a walking fast pose, arms swinging wide.
Change the pose to a jumping stance, knees bent, arms spread wide.
Change the pose to a leaping pose, body mid-air.
Change the pose to a crouching low stance, hands on the ground.
Change the pose to a sliding pose, body tilted sideways.
Change the pose to a skidding stop pose, arms out for balance.
Change the pose to a climbing pose, one hand reaching upward.
Change the pose to a hanging pose, both arms gripping overhead.
Change the pose to a mid-air flip pose, body arched backward.
Change the pose to a dodging stance, torso twisted sideways.
Change the pose to a falling backward pose, arms flailing.
Change the pose to a falling forward pose, arms extended to break the fall.
Change the pose to a tumbling pose, curled into a ball.
Change the pose to a rolling pose, body in sideways motion.
Change the pose to a crawling stance, hands and knees on the ground.
Change the pose to a balancing pose, arms spread wide.
Change the pose to a surfing pose, knees bent, arms extended.

Change the pose to a skating stance, one leg extended back.

Change the pose to a jumping kick pose, one leg raised high.

Change the pose to a spinning kick pose, torso twisted.

Change the pose to a mid-air punch pose, fist extended.

Change the pose to a ground punch pose, fist striking the floor.

Change the pose to a superhero landing pose, one knee down, fist on ground.

Change the pose to a running leap pose, arms reaching forward.

Change the pose to a sprint mid-motion pose, hair flying back.

Change the pose to a wall-running pose, one foot pressed to the wall.

Change the pose to a rope-climbing pose, arms reaching up.

Change the pose to a high jump pose, arms raised above the head.

Change the pose to a sliding into cover pose, one knee bent.

Change the pose to a dodging backwards pose, torso arched away.

Change the pose to a forward lunge pose, arms extended.

Change the pose to a high spin jump pose, legs apart mid-air.

Change the pose to a gliding pose, arms out like wings.

Change the pose to a diving pose, body streamlined downward.

Change the pose to a swimming freestyle pose.

Change the pose to a swimming breaststroke pose.

Change the pose to a swimming butterfly pose.

Change the pose to a sprinting pose with maximum effort, teeth gritted.